Update otel docs to point towards llmobs setup for endpoint (#36390)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/opentelemetry/setup/otlp_ingest/_index.md

- [OTLP logs intake endpoint][3]
- [OTLP metrics intake endpoint][4]

> - OTLP traces intake endpoint (in Preview): To request access, contact your Customer Success Manager or if using for LLM Observability, simply follow steps [here][5].

Author: ```suggestion
- OTLP traces intake endpoint (in Preview): To request access, contact your Customer Success Manager or if using for LLM Observability instead, follow steps [here][5].
```

> - OTLP traces intake endpoint (in Preview): To request access, contact your Customer Success Manager or if using for LLM Observability instead, follow steps [here][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OTLP traces intake endpoint (in Preview): To request access, contact your Customer Success Manager 
- [Instrumenting for LLM Observability][5]
```

- [OTLP logs intake endpoint][3]
- [OTLP metrics intake endpoint][4]

> - OTLP traces intake endpoint (in Preview): To request access, contact your Customer Success Manager 

Author: ```suggestion
- OTLP traces intake endpoint (in Preview): To request access for APM use, contact your Customer Success Manager 
```
